feat: update deeplinks docs (#7760)
iotaledger/firefly: docs/specifications/deep-links.md

Reviewer: I would call `SHIMMER` just `Shimmer

-   `operation` - an operation within a specific context (see below for more detail)
-   `param` - query parameter(s) relevant for the specified operation

> To target the production version, use the following deeplink prefix:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target the production version simply don't specify any stages, for example with Shimmer:

```
